tips useful for life from
users of the portal tut.by with you as
always ready to share I Katya searchingly
we will often begin the tricks with which we
we share our concerns our men
User Nice Alina decided
restore justice and sent
We have a whole video collection of life hacking for
of girls
enjoy
old too bright shadows can be mixed
with clear nail polish you
get new original color to
make your nails matt after application
varnish hold your hands over the steam if
pencil scratches eyelid support it
tip over the flame
he will become softer to be continued in
life happens all for one
such an incident our user
Anton unearthed a very useful life hack
what to do if you have
your finger swelled and you didn’t
You can remove the ring so here you are not
need specialist help or
hacksaw everything is very simple
our user suggested a way
American doctor found online here
demonstrates a simple removal method
rings the main problem of this situation
not even the thickness of the finger itself
and the fact that tightly seated ring when
tightening gathers skin fold
it turns out and such a local thickening
and the more you pull it more
rewind your finger as follows
by a cord or ordinary thread
give creases will appear and the ring can
will easily take off and last
recommendation for today from our
users it is useful to all those
who is always on hand a little smartphone
free time but a great desire
pull up your english in this
respect you some useful
applications
This is one of the most popular applications.
which can be useful for you to study
new english words and practice
anywhere here there is a translation of words and
designer and audition as well as personal
personal association dictionary
transcriptions and dubbing every word
duolingo is also a very popular service.
learning foreign languages
its peculiarity is that the course consists
of the lessons each one in its
the queue contains a number of diverse
assignments you will be offered not only
reading and translation but also training
pronunciation and spelling by the way here
you can learn not only English and more
one application polyglot created by
Learn Dmitry from Dmitry Petrov
in 16 hours
according to a famous translator and
TV host any past his course
lessons will be able to talk on
English language
the program offers simple expressions
in Russian and the words on the screen you need
make translation into English
if you answered the program right you
praise if you suddenly make a mistake tell
the correct answer for today is all
make your life easier and better and
together with the turbo
and for interesting lifehacks get
gifts and dog turbo dot com write
we often all bye